[?]  A maple leaf came close-by, touched him and moved ahead. Tommy met him shortly, brushed against him, and moved further ahead. They swirled around and around, hit cars and poles, flew up into the air and then down again.

		"This is fun," Tommy thought.

[3]  Tommy crawled down from the window-seat and ran to the door. He opened it with a bang. The wind blew fiercely and snatched the newly recovered mail from Mrs. Pennington's hands and blew it even further into the house.

		"Oh my," she said again. Tommy ran outside and the door slammed shut.

		Outside, yellow, gold, and red leaves were leaping from swaying trees, landing on the roof, jumping off the roof, and then chasing one another down the street in tiny whirlwinds of merriment.

[5] Mrs Pennington came to the front porch. "Tommy, I have your jacket. Please put it on."

[?] "Where do you think we are going?" Tommy asked the lead.

    "Does it matter?" the leaf replied. "Have fun. Life is short."

    "I beg to differ," an older leaf said suddently coming beside them. "The journey may be short, but the end is the beginning."

    Tommy pondered this the best a leaf could ponder.

    "Where do we end up?"

[16]  "There," she said, "it will be safe until we get home."


[5] Mrs. Pennington came to the front porch.

Tommy, I have your jacket. Please put it on.

[10] “If the wind blows you in that direction,” the old leaf said, “you will end up in the city dump.”

“I don’t want that” Tommy said.

“If you are blown in that direction, you will fly high into the air and see things that no leaf has seen before.”

“Follow me to the city dump,” the maple leaf said.  “Most of met friends are there.”
[14] Tommy saw the fence that surrounded the city dump. He was happy to be with his friend. They would have fun in the dump.

[16]  "There," she said, "it will be safe until we get home."

	Suddenly, a car pulled up. It was Tommy’s mom. Mrs. Pennington wasn’t about to let her little boy run into the city dump.


[?] "Where do you think we are going?" Tommy asked the lead.

    "Does it matter?" the leaf replied. "Have fun. Life is short."

    "I beg to differ," an older leaf said suddently coming beside them. "The journey may be short, but the end is the beginning."

    Tommy pondered this the best a leaf ould ponder.

    "Where do we end up?"

      Tommy smiled, ran into the car and got in. He rolled down the back window and looked up into the sky. He wondered where the old lead had gone. Perhaps one day he would see what the old leaf had seen - perhaps.


